---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# General Parameters

A list containing all of the basic parameters this plugin accepts. If you can't find a parameter that suits your all of your needs, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/tannerdolby/eleventy-plugin-metagen/issues) so we can get the parameter and/or corresponding meta tag added to the plugin.

## Parameters
The following options are for supported by this plugin for foundational document metadata.

### title
The content for `<title>`, `<meta name="title">`, `og:title` and `twitter:title`. If `og_title` and `twitter_title` are defined they will override the fields.

### url
The content for `<link rel="canonical">`, `og:url` and `twitter:url`

### name
The content for `<meta name="author">`

### desc
The content for `<meta name="description">`, `og:description`, and  `twitter:description` if `og_desc` or `twitter_desc` isn't defined.

### locale
The locale tags are marked up in.  
default: `en_US` 

### generator
The content for `<meta name="generator">`. The value must be a free-form string that identifies one of the software packages used to generate the document. This value must not be used on pages whose markup is not generated by software, e.g. pages whose markup was written by a user in a text editor.

### comments
Display default comments for the Open Graph and Twitter tags.  
default: `false`

### preconnect
The `href` value for `<link rel="preconnect">`. Accepts a string or an array of strings.

### dns_prefetch
The `href` value for `<link rel="dns-prefetch">`. Accepts a string or an array of strings.

### robots
The `content` value for `<meta name="robots">`. Accepts a string.

### crawlers
The `name` and `content` values for `<meta name="" content="">` custom crawler tags. Accepts an object containing key value pairs where the key is the crawler name and value is the content. i.e. `crawlers={"googlebot": "noindex"}`

### css
An array of CSS files to be generated as `<link rel="stylesheet" href="file[i]">`. E.g. `css=["style.css", "foo.css"]`

### inline_css
A string representing the inline content. E.g. `inline_css="h1 { color: #f06; }"`

### js
An array of JavaScript files to be generated as `<script src="foo.js">` or `<script src="bar.js" async>`. E.g. `js=["foo.js", ["bar.js", "async"]]`

### inline_js
A string representing the inline content. E.g. `inline_js="console.log('hello world');"`
